Add CHANGELOG for v0.10.1 (#83)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-jira: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.10.1 [2023-06-16]

_Bug fixes_

> - Fixed pagination in `jira_issue` table to list all the issues correctly. ([#82](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-jira/pull/82))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed pagination in the `jira_issue` table to avoid the truncation of the result set. ([#82](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-jira/pull/82))
```
